meta: docs and project updates (#790)
wadearnold/ach: README.md

ACH implements a reader, writer, and validator for Automated Clearing House ([ACH](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automated_Clearing_House)) files. ACH is the primary method of electronic money movement throughout the United States. The HTTP server is available in a [Docker image](#docker) and the Go package `github.com/moov-io/ach` is available.

> If you're looking for a complete implementation of ACH origination (file creation), OFAC checks, micro-deposits, SFTP uploading, and other features the [moov-io/paygate](https://github.com/moov-io/paygate) project aims to be a full system for ACH transfers. Otherwise checkout our article on [How and When to use the Moov ACH Library](https://moov.io/blog/tutorials/how-and-when-to-use-the-moov-ach-library/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking for a complete implementation of ACH origination (file creation), OFAC checks, micro-deposits, SFTP uploading, and other features the [moov-io/paygate](https://github.com/moov-io/paygate) project aims to be a full system for ACH transfers. Otherwise check out our article on [How and When to use the Moov ACH Library](https://moov.io/blog/tutorials/how-and-when-to-use-the-moov-ach-library/).
```
